okay first off do you like your name
yeah why because this one is why because
it's a washing product it is yes okay do
you use it no does your mom action oh
okay she was just vanish what player
really sucks at league of legends here
okay why because I don't know who's the
most beautiful man you know Wanda wander
okay why because he's my support I'm
afraid okay so you're yellow Pete for a
day what do you do I go play Hudson what
do you call your penis a wiener what's
the worst smell in the world well deck
okay how many times have you been called
a nerd cause lot what is your greatest
weakness
my position in League of Legends yes
okay what animal suits you the best is
she is she what's the funniest nickname
you've ever gotten mmm wooly bully what
does that mean because I was bullying
there's yes in nine nice can you sing
the national anthem of your country yes
sing it for us yes chapels ganas de niro
pookie Miriam sana mops option was
Jewish our vodka gin much ma Dombrowski
Jimmy boskie boskie that's why i'm sure
all day so one such as know then that
was beautiful so if you could have a
superpower what would you choose mmm
being invincible invincible yeah that's
pretty wide do you mean nothing can
happen to you like I'm just invisible
people don't seem okay oh invisible oh
yeah invisible okay so if you were
invisible for a day what would you do I
want to troll people like how I don't
work oh it's finalized I would just
punch ramen okay so who's the funniest
person on the planet find this person
the planet hmm I don't know van is
pretty funny so what's the most annoying
question you've ever gotten in an
interview
how do you call your penis it's a good
one what's the most embarrassing song
you have mmm something of Katy Perry
Agnes which star or Taylor Swift the
demos the NAM Taylor Swift song so uh
that's been at least what sucks about
being so good looking some people get
jealous okay thank you Thanks okay great
you